hey guys a brown sec here bring another
runescape video now this is somewhat of
an update video letting you guys and
know what I've been up to etc my post
this once a week on top of my other
videos because i'm trying to get elf
city soon really close just need to do
the mornings and quests which is pretty
much a pain and that's the really the
only thing more reason why i haven't
done it yet and the squiggle
requirements i'm pretty much tell anyone
in most of the skills only have like
construction crafting and agility i
think is left so it isn't it isn't that
hard so i should be getting it pretty
soon but the mornings and part is really
the only reason why i haven't done it
yet but that's not the main point in
this video I'm i recently got any wood
cutting through AF King IVs and
occasionally chopping elder logs just
for a little bit of money I thought I'd
let you guys know what I've been up to
and stuff no just an update and produce
more content might as well you know
letting you guys know my risk a progress
and stuff but I got nine woodcutting
three of King IVs you know and
collecting elder logs like I said and
occasionally chopped collecting birds
nests I wouldn't literally have RS up in
one screen and other games / youtube on
the others so I'm through kind of a fast
you know it doesn't seem too tedious for
me while I was trying to get the 99 but
when I was trying to get the 99 I was
literally too XP way for like two
minutes but in the end you know I can't
stand to XP forever but I kind of got it
and I got the cave for 99 k I ended up
making quite a bit of money as you guys
can see from the price check that I'm
about to show you guys right now I mean
thurrott eight mil from the elder logs
and just from you know I didn't like do
it efficiently if I did it efficiently
from like when I got elder locks I could
have gone maybe 13 mil or something like
that 13 14 milk to 99 but
I was just let you know when I felt like
chopping elder locks I just chopped it
and I made around eight mil 7.92 eight
mil from elder locks which is pretty
good 1.2 mil from the crushed bird's
nest you know I occasionally picked them
up on top of my elder logs but if I had
to drop it I dropped it or if I just
kind of missed it and forgot I just
didn't pick it up so you know just from
casually picking up crushed nice i got
1.2 mil i forgot the price check was the
seeds I thought that they were all junk
so I didn't include them but it ended up
to add up they ended up to like actually
made worth some money I gotta run under
k & pineapple seeds 150k from a palm
tree seed and around 50 100 k and other
junk like calc wat seeds and other seeds
and like rings and stuff or whatever in
the end from f king woodcutting pretty
much not paying attention I made 10 mil
you know while not AFK waste XP wasting
and runescape which is good since i
didn't even pay attention half the time
and if you guys are looking for an afk
skill i highly suggest you guys go train
woodcutting I might make a guide on like
a wood cutting I guess in the future
soon as i get to get elf city or
something like that I don't know yet but
yeah guys I thought I'll let you guys
know about my what I've been up to and
stuff i'll let you guys know about my
progress i but on getting to elf city
and getting the requirements and stuff
but i hope you guys enjoy this video
please give a like enjoyed it I'm
comment if you have more questions or
quizzes are into Mike that and substance
and subscribe for more future content
guys but other than that guys have a
good day bye
you